OKRs - 2019 Q1 Project WG (#793)
ipfs/team-mgmt: OKR/PROJECT.md

We frame our ongoing work using a process based on quarterly Objectives and Key Results (OKRs). Objectives reflect outcomes that are challenging, but realistic. Results are tangible and measurable.

> ## 2019 Q1

Author: @momack2 @meiqimichelle @parkan did a first pass at grabbing the ideas on https://github.com/ipfs/team-mgmt/pull/793 and converted them to the list below. Please review.

- **The IPFS Org gets a fully dedicated Package Managers Working Group**
  - `PX` - @??? - A Package Manager Working Group Roadmap is created
  - `PX` - @??? - Onboard 2+ contributors to this Working Group       
- **Support and guide the IPFSConf planning and Content Curation**
  - `PX` - @daviddias - The IPFSConf is scheduled, announced and there is a CFP published   
  - `PX` - @??? - Working Groups have their goals established for IPFSConf    
- **The IPFS Working Groups feel supported and they have the information they need to make the best decisions**
  - `PX` - @??? - Ship the first IPFS User Quarterly Report. It documents achievements and demos of new capabilities
  - `PX` - @??? - We gather, process and present metrics for the IPFS Project    
  - `PX` - @??? - We grow the Project WG to have a team capable of answering to all IPFS Working Group needs.

>   - `PX` - @??? - Working group roadmaps are solidified, presented, and used to chart Q1 and Q2 planning

Author: @momack2 I believe L16 and L17 were the KRs you were highlighting as available to tackle in this comment https://github.com/ipfs/team-mgmt/pull/793#issuecomment-448155532

We frame our ongoing work using a process based on quarterly Objectives and Key Results (OKRs). Objectives reflect outcomes that are challenging, but realistic. Results are tangible and measurable.

## 2019 Q1

- **The IPFS Org gets a fully dedicated Package Managers Working Group**
  - `PX` - @??? - A Package Manager Working Group Roadmap is created
  - `PX` - @??? - Onboard 2+ contributors to this Working Group       
- **Support and guide the IPFSConf planning and Content Curation**
  - `PX` - @daviddias - The IPFSConf is scheduled, announced and there is a CFP published   
  - `PX` - @??? - Working Groups have their goals established for IPFSConf    
- **The IPFS Working Groups feel supported and they have the information they need to make the best decisions**
  - `PX` - @??? - Ship the first IPFS User Quarterly Report. It documents achievements and demos of new capabilities
  - `PX` - @??? - We gather, process and present metrics for the IPFS Project    
  - `PX` - @??? - We grow the Project WG to have a team capable of answering to all IPFS Working Group needs.
  - `PX` - @??? - Working group roadmaps are solidified, presented, and used to chart Q1 and Q2 planning

> - **The Working Groups are widely known in the IPFS Community and easy to get onboarded to**

Reviewer: Talked with Arkadiy and we want to add some collaborations OKRs here - so maybe just make this: 

```suggestion
- **The IPFS Community is supportive, responsive, and easy to get onboarded to**
```

KR: Biweekly updates published to IPFS working groups highlighting patterns in top developer needs
KR: Ship strategy document outlining tooling, pipeline, and management for IPFS collabs
KR: 10 collab engagements result in valuable output for the wider community (feature, blog post, collaborative meeting, bug fix, etc) 
KR: There are zero dropped/mishandled collabs

We frame our ongoing work using a process based on quarterly Objectives and Key Results (OKRs). Objectives reflect outcomes that are challenging, but realistic. Results are tangible and measurable.

## 2019 Q1

- **The IPFS Org gets a fully dedicated Package Managers Working Group**
  - `P0` - @daviddias - A Package Manager Working Group Roadmap is created
  - `P1` - @??? - Onboard 1+ contributors to Package Managers Working Group
- **Support and guide the IPFSConf planning and Content Curation**
  - `P0` - @daviddias - The IPFSConf is scheduled, announced and there is a CFP running. The IPFSConf Org Team is supported by the IPFS org.
  - `P0` - @momack2 - The IPFS Org (Working Groups & Core Contributors) has a unified plan with goals for IPFSConf
- **The IPFS Working Groups feel supported and they have the information they need to make the best decisions**
  - `P0` - @mikeal - We gather, process and present metrics for the IPFS Project  
  - `P1` - @parkan - Ship the first IPFS User Quarterly Report. It documents achievements and demos of new capabilities

>   - `P1` - @momack2 - Working group roadmaps are solidified, presented, and used to chart Q1 and Q2 planning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `P1` - @momack2 - Working group roadmaps are solidified, presented, and used to chart Q1 and Q2 planning
  - `P1` - @???  - The IPFS Project publishes a Q1 Project Report with WG updates and demos
```

We said we were going to do Project Reports. David - you have a lot of P0s so I'm happy to work with Jenn to drive this forward with your feedback if you don't have bandwidth (but happy for you to own it if you prefer).

Reviewer: We said these were different things in our Roadmap: User reports about user needs and use cases vs Project reports about new features shipped, demos, etc.

Reviewer: We decided we'd drop the second report (project updates) and simply work with @renrutnnej to make end-of-quarter newsletters include more of a look back on the launches/features/accomplishments of the past quarter. See comment here: https://github.com/ipfs/newsletter/issues/74#issuecomment-457718255

- **The IPFS Community is supportive, responsive, and easy to get onboarded to**
  - `P0` - @parkan - There are zero dropped/mishandled collabs  
  - `P1` - @parkan - Biweekly updates published to IPFS working groups highlighting patterns in top developer needs
  - `P1` - @daviddias - The Working Groups are listed on the IPFS Website (ref: ipfs/project#14)
  - `P2` - @parkan - Ship strategy document outlining tooling, pipeline, and management for collabs with the IPFS Project  
  - `P2` - @parkan - 10 collab engagements result in valuable output for the wider community (feature, blog post, collaborative meeting, bug fix, etc)  
- **The IPFS Projects have assigned maintainers, are well documented and users have good resources to rely on**
  - `P0` - @daviddias - Reboot the IPFS Specifications repo and create a coordinated effort to write and maintain the specifications
  - `P1` - @daviddias - Expand the Lead Maintainer Protocol to become the Maintainer Protocol for the entire organization

>   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `P1` - @meiqimichelle - The IPFS Project onboards at least +1 new UX Research contributor to help us make more user-centered decisions
```
This is one of our milestones on our Q1 roadmap - does it deserve a mention here?

Reviewer: Through offline convo I think this is good =]

>   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `P1` - @momack2 - IPFS gets a Public and Structured Dev Grant Program
```

We frame our ongoing work using a process based on quarterly Objectives and Key Results (OKRs). Objectives reflect outcomes that are challenging, but realistic. Results are tangible and measurable.

## 2019 Q1

- **The IPFS Org gets a fully dedicated Package Managers Working Group**
  - `P0` - @daviddias - A Package Manager Working Group Roadmap is created
  - `P0` - @??? - Onboard 2+ contributors to this Working Group       
- **Support and guide the IPFSConf planning and Content Curation**
  - `P0` - @daviddias - The IPFSConf is scheduled, announced and there is a CFP published.
  - `P0` - @momack2 - The IPFS Org (Working Groups & Core Contributors) has a unified plan with goals for IPFSConf
- **The IPFS Working Groups feel supported and they have the information they need to make the best decisions**

>   - `P1` - @parkan - Ship the first IPFS User Quarterly Report. It documents achievements and demos of new capabilities

Reviewer: @parkan are you onboard with doing quarterly user reports? My understanding is this would include lots of user experience work over collab requests - so not sure if @meiqimichelle or I would make a better DRI for packaging and phrasing this from a product/UXR perspective.

Reviewer: @parkan are you onboard to own this?

>   - `P0` - @mikeal - We gather, process and present metrics for the IPFS Project    

Reviewer: @mikeal I added you for this based on your comment this morning - but shout if you don't want to be owning this

Reviewer 2: This is perfect, thanks! :)

  - `P1` - @momack2 - Working group roadmaps are solidified, presented, and used to chart Q1 and Q2 planning
- **The IPFS Community is supportive, responsive, and easy to get onboarded to**
  - `P0` - @parkan - There are zero dropped/mishandled collabs  
  - `P1` - @parkan - Biweekly updates published to IPFS working groups highlighting patterns in top developer needs
  - `P1` - @daviddias - The Working Groups are listed on the IPFS Website (ref: ipfs/project#14)

>   - `P1` - @mikeal - Improve the onboarding experience successfully, which translates to seeing 3+ new contributors engaged per Working Group until the end of the Quarter 

Reviewer 2: This isn't a practical goal for the quarter. We can't tackle the onboarding experience of every WG at the same time, and we shouldn't expect to see a rise in new external contributors engaged in the same quarter we're actively making the improvements.

The Community WG is making doc and onboarding improvements in `js-ipfs` this quarter, and taking on some broader documentation improvements, in this quarter.

Author: Understood. Removed it as this work is already being tracked on the current Community WG then.
